[cm1106] Add description for ABC feature (#4939)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: content/components/sensor/cm1106.md

- **id** (*Optional*, [ID](#config-id)): Manually specify the ID used for actions.

- **automatic_baseline_calibration** (*Optional*, boolean): CM1106 has automatic calibration procedure.

  The automatic calibration cycle is the first 24 hours after powered on, and then the sensor will enter regular 15 days calibration cycle.
  - Set this value to `false` to disable ABC on boot (recommended for most indoor sensors).
  - Set this value to `true` to enable ABC on boot.

>   - Doesn't send calibration command if not set (default sensor logic will be used).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **automatic_baseline_calibration** (*Optional*, boolean): CM1106 has an automatic calibration procedure.

  The automatic calibration cycle runs for 24 hours after the sensor is powered on; the sensor will also enter a calibration cycle every 15 days.
  - Set this value to `false` to disable ABC on boot (recommended for most indoor sensors).
  - Set this value to `true` to enable ABC on boot.
  - Calibration will not be requested if not set (default sensor logic will be used).
```

        - cm1106.calibrate_zero: my_cm1106_id
```

{{< anchor "cm1106-abc_enable_action" >}}

## `cm1106.abc_enable` Action

> This [action](#config-action) enables automatic baseline calibration on the sensor with the given ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [action](/automations/actions#all-actions) enables automatic baseline calibration on the sensor with the given ID.
```

```yaml
on_...:
  then:
    - cm1106.abc_enable: my_cm1106_id
```

{{< anchor "cm1106-abc_disable_action" >}}

## `cm1106.abc_disable` Action

> This [action](#config-action) disables automatic baseline calibration on the sensor with the given ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [action](/automations/actions#all-actions) disables automatic baseline calibration on the sensor with the given ID.
```
